well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today
we're going to talk about what eric
trump said last night
on that network that sometimes passes
for news
um they started off the highlight rail
by saying that the democrats
did this they they got everything shut
down
so biden could stay at home
and not embarrass himself in public
and while they were doing that they
simultaneously deprived the president
of his greatest asset which is his
ability
to fill an arena with 50 000 people
every couple months
the democrats did that shut everything
down
along with half the world to stop daddy
from having a rally
i hope he understands that sounds a
little bit off
but let's just say that it's true for a
second let's entertain this idea
the democrats and half the world
got together shut down the economies
hundreds of billions of dollars lost
all to stop daddy from having rallies i
would suggest
that that level of coordination and
that level of sacrifice just
demonstrates exactly how bad a president
he
is i don't know that i would be pointing
that out
i would also like to say that he's the
president of the united states if he
wants to hold a rally he can nobody's
going to stop him
he could do it all at the white house do
it at lafayette across the street go
ahead
pack gear voters in there have them
staying real close to each other
and that's actually why i'm irritated
he went on to say that after the
election this would magically disappear
once again implying that it's not real
on that network
a network whose audience is uh known for
being
let's just say easily led
i would suggest that that's dangerous
i'd say it's reckless
but i'm curious what kind of magic
the same kind of magic that was supposed
to make it magically disappear
last month or is it the new kind of
magic that's going to get these
these vaccines by the end of the year
or is it that ever elusive third kind of
magic
that may appear after the election
leadership
i'm hoping it's that
leadership is not magic it can be
displayed by anybody
except for this president apparently
if i was on president trump's campaign
team
i'd be less worried about his ability to
put 50 000 people in an arena
every couple months and more worried
about his ability to put 50 000 people
in the ground every month
because uh that's that's what the rest
of us are
that's what we're looking at
anyway it's just a thought
y'all uh y'all have a good day